важные вопросы которые необходимо решить в рамках маркетинговых задач
Or it's like Cutstream simple plan

Create some sort of document, with "feature explanations" + it can be posted later at mediumIt can be used for press-release also

Подумать, как отблагодарить аудиторию. Тот кто поставит лайк из PH community
, tweet, share info about our company - fill this form in order to gave you lifetime free profile.
but you'll need to share your link with updates and gave us some feedback.

your free account will be important, when we'll launch a premium version of CutStream.

1) landing page + connect to mailchimp or google form(second better because easy)
2) slideshare on linkedin(with features explanations)
3) betalist submit
4) setup angellist account with info about company and products5) ask for intro in Prodfucthunt (at least 5 articles must be googled with project title - e.g. CutStreamFind hunter - a person with similar product.

6) index.io) submit + Setup
7) create a FB page just for project only
8) logo
9) #4, setup profiles FB/LI/AL/Index/PH/ BL/ BH, instagram
10) domain purchase
11) social media posts(use buffer for this)
12) setup a pretty newsletter

Создать план как получить первых пользователей

Написать стриммерам и рассказать о проекте CutStream
подготовить список вопросов и гугл форм, чтобы они все в одном месте отвечалию
Спросить их мнение насчет проекта
Написать ютуберам с проссмотрами и без просмотров

Список имейлов сделать тех людей, кому написать для PR и интервью
Найти сайты. на которых ищут и пишут про youtube и там написать о проектею


Создание дайджеста, подбора ссылок для потенциальных пользователей
в твиттере постить 15 постов в день
посты из кворы
gifs
в инстаграм постить картинки/ превьюхи на видео
Crowdfire/ each follower receive DM with link to example, or homepage?

Contact us - how users can reach me?
Enable pretty newsletter

beta testers

собрать и сохранить ссылки на страницы, с которых я собрал информацию о таких проектах

PH имеет большой список сайтов альтернатив и подобных для раскрутки artciles

Собрать список бетатест сайтов на гитхаб - marketo-repo.
добавить my personal opinion about it
со временем добавить треккер, чтобы считать сколько и кто(люди)
 пришли с каких бетатест сайтов и сайтов промоушена нового проекта.

 найти определенное метос, в котором будет меньше конкуренции.

 Slideshares with my ppt template: index.io, gust, linkedin
