Let's assume that you have a website with recipes. And you want to connect your website to recipe application.
You understand logic of how it must works, for sure. But something stops you.

My goal was to give you information related to how add app to your website. And show you that this is not a big deal.
Situations and projects are different, of course. But this can save your time and money - if you'll use project that i'm working on.
Right now it's not finished. You can read more [here]

Ш was focused on previous projects that was created for my clients when i build a first version of app.
Similar to this article.
They have a websites and an application will be a good new feauture for a users.
They will need to create an app design, find a way how to get data from mySQL databases(WordPress + custom recipes plugin and Custom Database, build with Yii Framework help).
So current application code can be rebranded and used by my prev. clients.
They must store json file at online server with data. App will read that file and display recipes in a proper way.
This version have limited functionality. No user registration, no meal planning - but it can be up in a small amount of time.

If you don't have a main website - you can use this app with our Recipe API server(more information below).


About an app.
Code written wit Angular. Ionic Framework used.
First views and basic structure was build and exported at Ionic Creator.
Note: I didn't send this app to app store. Not compiled and not create a cordova build. And didn't test it at app previewer.
So it can have an errors. But it was working well at simulator and this was enought for me(lazy thing).

Next version will be created with React Native help.
it's awesome to have starter like [create-react-app]. It helps a lot. react native also have a big archive with project examples.
But you'll need to dig into 'React' world. 2 weeks ago i set up create-react-app blank starter. I spend 4 minutes.
it's a big timesaver for me. Year ago you must know how React works, configurate Webpack and build stuff in order to start working.
Right now it's not a problem when you just want to open page at localhost. Guys and github community does awesome work.

##Stages(how you can add this app into your project)




1) Соединить контент вашего сайта с app или сделать отдельный content container instance related to app only.

2) Коннект к базе данных через API endpoints or webhooks. 

3) Authorization + Registration inside app. This can be covered by our API.
Or you can use sign up flow from your previous setup(your own registration way).
We'll have an advanced security options of API and receiving data in next releases.

главное будет настроить bridge between your db, API and app.
И если наше API и app могут(будут) работать вместе без дополнительной настройки, 
то ваш собственный проект и база данных будут нуждаться в некоторых изменениях с вашей стороны

Release #0 Recipe API и Release #1 APP позволит уже сейчас запустить приложение с функционалом free menu:
display 5-6 recipes per week, with additional data.

Если спросить моего мнения - на первом этапе я бы настроил работу приложения без подключения к API или к вашей базеданных.
Why? Because it's easy and fast. Solution for a lazy people(simple way). 


В App release#1 version(Free Menu) существуют такие
app screens(screenshots availabe at the end of article):
Login / sign-up
About app tour
View Menu(recipes list)
View Recipe data
view settings
Profile
Recipe data short/extended (limited for different purposes)
Simple grocery list form with to-do checkboxes list.

Note: in this release we have a screens with ingredients list - right now auto-generation(convert recipes data to grocery list) is not working.
In order to use this functionality you must have another one file with Grocery List items only.

It'll be generated on the fly - at next stages.

Next Releases:
Enable Login and get information from main database. Display current menu(aka meal planning)


Next Releases:
Paid subscription, subscriptions management, Advanced search with filters.


You can also check this article: https://medium.com/p/recipe-based-tech-projects-database-structure-basic-troubles-to-be-ready-for-6b48cab2dc2b
