What do you mean what project I want to take? What kind of project do you have?


at my article i tried to explain that i have a few projects, with similar functionality.

I tried to build a custom complex system from the begining. But i was stuck and decided
to create a project with modular system. 

So i'm building a few small projects - fix some code problems, create and test structure, 
and when it ready - i can include that functionality into main - big project.

Main idea was to create a Saas project that will help recipe builders to create a website 
where they can sell their services. Services like meal planning, diet management, etc.

For example: GroceriStar is a sub-project, it's only about creating and managing shopping lists.
When codebase of this project will be ideal - i'll move it into main project - where grocery list
management is a part of functionality.
--------------



------------------------

ok, let's start from some intro: groceristar have a one template. with shopping list items: like milk, beer, vodka, etc

since few weeks (as very less time with active job)
can i see that template

and i think that adding another few templates will add some value to my projects

sure you can

so, i find at least 200 links with different shoplist templates

template is in text file or excel file?

biggest trouble is how to get data from some other sites and convert it into proper javascript array.
it can be text, it can be image, etc
it's hard to create a regular expression, etc


it was first ML-like topic
another idea was to teach model to convert measurements

because it's very tricky to have like teaspoon, lb, ounce in one place
glass/spoons image in your medium link?


but measurement stuff is a long-shot
not very ready right now. just my research
so i propose to start from grocery lists

hold on will find ultimate template
http://www.grocerylists.org/ultimatest/
grab it from there
i convert it by hands into this files: https://github.com/GroceriStar/groceristar/tree/master/bin/grocery



not get your question
let us sayi added recipe X
you added recipe X1
both recipes produce item # Y

one is good another recipe may not be good enough
or may be duplicated
by item # Y you mean ingredient?


nope
output product
still not clear

ok forget it
we may discuss it later
tell me what is next thing i should do now








## about full-time job
To be honest - i don't have anyone who looking right now a developer.
Maybe Forest Admin company - i chat with owner a few month ago. they just get an investments and extending their team. but again - no promises here.
But as my work is non-paid and i hate this - i'll put all my power in order to help you to get a "real" full-time in-office job.
I have a big networks at AngelList and Linkedin - and i want to help. I really mean that. 
So in any cases - when you'll decide to finish our work - I'll create a recomendation letter for you. You can use me as reference and you'll be able to show your code.

How i can see this: you can pick some companies, that you want to join - and i'll write to top-management of this companies. Will be able to promote you. i did it before for other interns - so this is not a problem for me.
As i'm "CEO" too - usually my opinion is count.

As you can see - i also have an recruiting experience - so i understand how this process works - and will try to help you to get more attention.

