0_  NoMoreToGo.com

NMTG was the first and biggest success in my previous company history.
we started our collaboration from a small task and in a few month, I and my partner worked on it the first time.

at the first time, it was a simple WordPress website, that uses 1 plugin that can hide content.
1 plugin for payment system but it works. it has 1500 active users, so saas model worked well.

we basically we rewrite it from scratch. I and our team worked on this project about 1 year.

For me, it was not just a job. we have long chats at night with Stacey(owner and content curator).
Discussed future plans. I explained our current development process.
I think this personal approach was the key to trust and success for both sides.

When we launch it in October in a few month she has 10k users(because we add 3 different meal plans) so it was more personalized. In one year after our release, she gave me access to admin again and I noticed that she had 15-19k of users that using pay for her meal plans. For sure, people that using a lot her services(more than 1 year) - they have a big discount, but I enjoy that result and understand that I'm related to it.
she spends 70k for our service. the main userbase was build after collaboration with Amazon deals.

I enjoy that result and understand that I'm related to it. 

1_ PID
in 8 months i find another owner that want to replicate NMTG website.
We didn't use prev. code or logic. We did everything from scratch.

As I know basic problems I create a long explanation document in the middle of this project my company was dead.
We run out the money. We had a dept of our employees(salary) and 2 clients(we have 2 projects in a middle with obligations to complete them). I and my partner took 1 project each.


I complete my project in 6 months.
My partner in 9 months.
In that 3 month, i tried to figure out what to do next and how to raise money.

2_ an app
The idea was simple. I know and I was interested in meal planning software. I also wanted to build an app for my prev. clients. So I created a fast version of the app and offer it to NMTG first. She refused. But I'm stupid and hate when my code not used. so i keep going.

3_ networking + nutritio
As I need cash I find a project related to food delivery. In meantime, i grow my network at AngelList and buzz a lot different Food Tech owners.

I find a guy, investor from Chicago, that have equity in Portuguese startup, related to dietary software(focused on doctors workflow)
I created a post-project documentation as part of my interview. I pass it, but I decide to not apply. I want to manage(read rule), and be a person that decide future plans, not just developer.

This company did pretty well in last years. Big progress was made. And this is where Chicken Kyiv story began.

4_
Chicken Kyiv is the name of my big project that related to recipes market.
The main idea of this project was: I have an experience in that field.
I hate when developers and me personally recreating a wheel, create a login form, set up checkout forms from scratch. We must build rocket ships or play with AI in GTA - this is more fun!
It's also about egoism too. I want to show to my prev clients that I'm more than just a monkey coder.
I see a perspective there: the first project was done for 70k, we received 20k for a second project(and loose at least 10k). The second project has more complex and advanced structure and more possibilities for extending and evolving.
My idea was simple: if I can create a similar project to this two projects and set $1k per year price - I think it can change the rules. 
I plan to sell this project to my first client, so her project can evolve into a something new and more interesting.
But few month ago I talk with food-related crowdfunding company owner and she tells me that Chicken Kyiv have a bigger potential. The main problem was that I cannot raise cash without being incorporated at US or Ireland. In Ukraine, we have a war and Silicon Valley bank block any "actions".

The idea, when a new project can kill the main business I took from Amazon history. They sold paper books and invent an e-ink pocketbook. 
I know how these projects work inside. I understand places, where a developer can be stuck for weeks, for months.
I know how bad turnaround can freeze launch for months.
But for me, it's more than unreal to create such complex project from scratch without cash flow.
I started from creating an API server. This server must save and give data that can be requested by the app, that I build 6 months before. 
before the app was related to previously created projects and have a previous legacy of logic depts - from that time an app functionality is independent.

5_ GS.
in a few month, not more than 2-3 I start to understand that I stuck. I spend days and don't see a big progress.
At that time I find an "Ultimate Grocery List Template" on the web. I'm not a cook, so food content is always a big pain for me. I decide - I'll fork a main API, remote 90% of logic and create a separated project. I move data from Excel file an display it at my new project - GroceriStar.

I did it in a few month. Few times I was stuck again. But I find my mistakes. So now I understand more how to launch an MVP and what I must to avoid.

When I launch it - I get my first feedback from my friends. They are experienced developers, so they kill me :)
My UI has a lot of problems, page speed was not well, mobile version - sucks.
I was pissed off and in one week I re-do about 30% of the project. Mostly it was related to the ingredient list.

I want to extend this project. But I figure out that this small side project has a big technical debt too :(
So next steps will be about clean up. My code was created fast, it has a lot of dirty places, and can have a lot of mistakes. I want to separate frontend and backend too. The front will be built with React framework. So users will see static pages on browser and data will came from API calls. I hide at least 10% of the current functionality because i think this does not matter. For first users, this version is good.

create an app, save purchased items, budget planning, online food ordering - this is a big plan for a future.

I think my code can be used by end-users that purchase stuff at shops.
And I wish that developers can use my open sourced repo as a starter for a new food tech projects.
Hope Open Source Software will generate additional attention to my work.

Notes:

If you can use me and set a right direction for me. It'll be good.

Example 
for a content, i have ideas for at least 10-30 articles.
But I need some push in order to finish it. Other problem: I'm not a native English speaking person, so it's hard for me sometime to explain my experience.

I have a lot of things started, not finished or partly done.

I always "jerk-off" at numbers. So if we have tasks, related to userbase - I want to have goals.

If we have a content calendar plan - I want to have a goal for views.

If I'll write a personal letter to influencers/other brands I want to set a goal too. Later I can adjust it.


----------------

