Get to know your customer really, really well.

And that is hard. For any size business. It’s as hard as it is vitally important, because everything you do, from developing your product, to marketing your product, to creating a brand that drives customers to you – it all starts here.

To do that, you have to define who, exactly, you need to talk to.

And that starts by developing a hypothesis.

## intro

i like to work with hypothesises.
And tell me how i can give back something to you. 

💗 The Hypothetical Customer

“I think my customers are moms, that want to create an online website/business related to recipes. The problem they have that I can solve is: it's hard and cost a lot to create this project from 0, maintain it, update...”

“I think my customers are food tech startups, that usually pay salaries for creating a similar functionality. 
The problem is that each developer should spend some time - before will understand how to create it. But a lot of times This problem was covered a lot of times before. Web is full of examples. I gave up after 200 links" 


"I think my customers are nutritionists, doctors related to eating. they should use something more friendly. The problem is - they non-techies too, and don't like to change hourses"


So you think this is enough for cover another mystical question, like - "Buyer Persona Face"?

Go ahead, take a stab at it.



This is the easy part! You’ve created or at least ideated your company with a customer and solution in mind. Now comes the hard part: Validating your hypothesis, or chucking it into the bin.





List everyone you know who ...
this is an easy part for me. because i like to ***** on numbers.
So usually i starting from 100 and then extend that number.

Not a caller person. And locals is not a good for testing too(i assume)
Good catch about gift cards and help in back.


Ask them these three things:

What jobs do you need to do around [what your industry/product/problem is]? Have them walk you through their process and record the exact words they use. For example, if you’re selling an HR solution that helps companies hire qualified people faster online, the tasks a business owner, manager or HR person need to do is create a job posting, sort through resumes, figure out interview questions, and spend hours interviewing people.

What’s hard about those jobs? Let them rant about how hard they work and what grinds their gears, how they’ve failed or got outcomes they didn’t want. Record everything.

If those issues were magically solved – what do they love about their jobs? What would they love about their lives? What would solving that problem allow them to do with that time instead?

Sure, there are a million and more questions you could ask – but these three focus on what jobs these customers need to do, what their pain points are surrounding those jobs, and what their ideal outcomes are.

The answers you gain will start to show you some truths about your hypotheses.

You’ll start to see that some kind of ‘ideal customers’ are more ideal than others.

You’ll check whether the problems they have match the problems you think they have.

You’ll compare the language you use to describe those jobs and problems with the language they use.

And you’ll uncover insights you can’t even begin to guess at right now.

You may have to go back to the drawing board and re-write your ideal customer hypothesis – and that’s okay. It’s progress.

And you’ll definitely come away with language you can use for marketing – it’s one of the most valuables takeaways of this exercise.

💗 Don’t be Lazy

Why can’t you just send a survey? Hey, that’s the reaction of most founders, too. Really. If we all agreed to just keep things simple by communicating via text message and Slack, we’d have more time for everything else. But believe us when we say: You need to hear their words.

In person, if possible.

he-he. Guilty as charge. 
But i love to be in my раковина




Yes, it takes time and it’s nerve-wracking and uncomfortable. But it’s worth it. People will not tell you on a survey what they will say to your face. They won’t even tell an employee of yours the same thing they’ll tell you, the founder. With an actual conversation, you’ll be able to ask in-the-moment follow-up questions, listen to the tone of their answers and put their words into an emotional context, and most importantly – you’ll be starting a relationship with potentially ideal customers who might become your first customers. Your best customers. Customers that will adopt early and advocate for you.

All of this comes from person-to-person communication. You can’t survey it away.



💗 Keep it Short

A few rules for polite customer research:

Keep it short – stick to 15 or 20 minutes. It’s enough to get deep information without scaring people away.

Make sure every question you ask is actionable – as in, if you don’t plan to act on the information you get, don’t waste time asking the question.

Avoid yes/no questions. The goal is to get voice-of-customer data, which means you need to let them speak and not put words into their mouths.

Don’t take anything personally. These people want solutions to their problems, and maybe you have them, but even if you don’t, they’re giving you valuable feedback.

Show appreciation somehow. This doesn’t need to be fancy or expensive, but it should be personal and helpful.


💗 Sort Your Answer Pile

In the course of customer research, you’ll speak with people who may have seemed like ideal customers at first, but then clearly were not.

And others who aren’t so clear. They could go either way.

The answers you need most are the ones from your ideal clients, and to make sure you’re sorting the Ideals from the Non-Ideals accurately, ask yourself this:

If I gave this person my product/service/solution, could they successfully use it to reach their ideal outcomes.

This is a Customer Success approach that I really like because it sets you up to work with people who are primed and ready to love your product (and tell their friends about it). It’s also a way to avoid The Product Death Cycle.

----

тоесть моим планом будет расписать несколько гипотез

потом я должен сформировать список людей которым я должен написать

с каждым я должен использовать уникальный способ по говорить.
нельзя просто кидать людям ссылки на статьи или на формы

нужно сделать список вопросов - я думаю не больше 5-10. только важные вопросы чтобы не тратить много времени
