Если вы продаете работу других людей(как в вашем примере) ваше главное задачи не поднять сайт и т.д.

Вам главное продать и потом передать деньги продавцу.
Возможно вам нужно котролировать процесс отправки и
доставки товара.

That it. Not more. Not less. Don't waste time. Just work.
Это было удивительно для меня - когда я пришел к этой мысли.
Ведь раньше, когда я просматривал разные чужие проекты, которые приходили мне на оценку.
Я обычно думал о фишках, о максимальном комфорте пользователя, я открывал конкуретнов и пытался найти их фишки и их слабые места, которые можно было бы обойти в новом проекте.
But it was my Narnia.
[pic]
Welcome to the real world.
Nobody care. Start to bring value. Start people to have money
Start to be a business, ok small, not Uber, not Amazoon, not Etsy, not Alibaba
Just not yet. Start from helpeign people and this will a have something.
Delete website(more backup for sure).

And must have an Excel file with data about products, customer details etc.

And forget about other "important!" advices. They cool, but they're not for you at this moment.
If you help people you'll succeed. Period.




I'm beggin you. Focus on what is important.
Answer to this question: How could you bring a value to your users?

How your "idea", will-be-an-amazon-competitor will be converted to a working business.

She is smart and wouldn't give up.
She have a good and simple website. Maybe not awesome, cause it run by WordPress. But it's launched online, looks better than other websites and have all important features for start.
But this whole website idea is distructing. I mean website is just a tool, not a reason or "solution".


Di-strac-ting. You can try to change this, or update this. Or apply some "investor advice" to change price at pricing plan(What?)
Maybe at next stages pricing is important.
But now it 0.000001% important. hah, please hit the wall, mr.investor
it's not important while you have 0 users, 100 users, 1000 users.
Later you'll need to run A/B testing, setup a differen sales funnels, advertising campaigns, etc.
My opinion :L)

She also find a remote guy that help with a website. Why i care? she is my friend and i help she to build that website - cause she was великодушна когда я попросил ее заплатить мне за работу потому
поэтому мне не безразличен как проект так и вебсайт

this guy is currently a website developer. he helps, but it also eat precious time and place and place in brain.
owner must plan, have unnecessary conversations and dreaming about changing this or that.
and i understand this. I'm doing the same. But i'm trying to бить себя по рукам когда мне хочется уйти от задачи. которую я считаю реальн оважной.

So just stop to waste time and get my advice. i think this is the best idea that i came so far.
stop.waste.time. and back to work, that matters to your users.

This is why i build my project, GroceriStar - and avoid a lot of "junk"
i didn't purchase domain(who cares)
i don't spend time on homepage design.
i create it with launchaco help - 3 minutes only.

i tried to finish most important part - it's backend logic of product and only at next stages - when users will be flooded to the website
i'll improve other things. for mvp stages its's works. it can help people, change something.
in other case it's just assumptions, ideas, dreams and low cash at bank account.
Not trying to upset. Nobody must give up. but it's about evolving...

if you're selling a bread, do you think it's important to have a nice place where you cook it and sell it?
Yeah. maybe. But delitious, smelling fresh bread is more important than shop, price, place, marketing, etc.

Start from product. from service. Make customers happy. make me happy :)

She ask me about -> can she send not finished docuemtn to investor or she must spend few other days and complete it?

I told her - send it right now. cause if investor is interested - he'll wait second version - completed part, but will be able to take a first look sooner and maybe make some decisions.
or tell some advice how to improve it or what must be covered by his opinion.

I saw a cool startup presentation few month ago. I've made an analytics at this article:

Please delete your website and focus on making your first customers happy.
This is alpha & omega.

Thanks for reading till the end.
make claps, be happy and smell roses, not a keyboard.


====
Is your website a lazy salesperson?

Every day potential clients visit your website looking for a solution to their problems.

How many of them become paying clients? If it's not enough then your website is basically like a lazy salesperson.

That is, it isn't paying its way. You need to take action to fix the problem as it's costing you a lot of money.

If it was an employed salesperson you would ask them to step up or they'd be out the door. You need to view your website the same way.

Except you need to identify and make the changes to get your website paying its way.

Here are some things you can check to start getting insights you can use to rework your website into a high performer.

1. Google Analytics. There is a ton of data in here they key is not to get lost in the detail. Firstly look at bounce rate (people viewing only one page and leaving), average time on site and average pages viewed. Then look at what devices most people use to access the site. If it's mobile as it often is now then you need to really look at your mobile website experience and make sure it it easy for people to take the action you want them to take.

2. Number of actions taken compared with your unique visitor numbers. This is basically your conversion rate. If 1,000 people visit and 10 call you then your conversion rate to get an enquiry is 1%. The internet average conversion rate is between 1-3% depending on which sources you use. However it can be far higher. Remember if it's 3% that still means 97 of every 100 visitors leave without taking action. Are you OK with that?

3. Website wording review. Are you using terms like we? Are you using technical language you understand but clients may not? If so you need to rework your wording to let clients know how you can help them and what they need to do next.

4. Live user tracking. Add user tracking software so you can see exactly what people do when they are on your site? The insights are priceless and allow you to make more informed changes than using just Google Analytics on its own.

5. Does your site have a clear and compelling offer that attracts your best potential clients? The offer you make determines who responds. If you don't have a clear, compelling offer then you must create one. Don't rush the process a bit more time taken to match the offer to your client needs will results in far more leads and leads of a much higher quality.

6. Get a second opinion? You probably wouldn't accept a diagnosis of a serious health problem from your doctor without getting a second opinion. Do the same with your website. Find a marketing professional or potential client to conduct the review as they will be objective. For bonus points do both.

Your website can be a sales superstar if you make it one. The days of lazy selling are gone your site needs to pay its way. It's will be one of your biggest assets if you get it right. It will work for you 24/7 and 365 days a year.
