This is the third part of my series, related to bot development.

You can read about it basic functionality and about my development plan


November, 25th
I have a non-wired day. I was excited about future, where I'll develop a slack bot without any troubles. I have a detailed plan and I think it'll be easy to do. It was awesome!

What was done(few days without distractions and internet noise):
* Functionality
* Ideas
* Flow 
* Step-by-step plan
* Blockers that can slow down the development process.

It was a heaven for the project manager.



And at this time I decide to pause my work at any complex stuff and focus on Release #1 functionality only.
All other functions will be added and set up later.


I was traveling and have a good mood.
I start to review my paper notes again and decide to start coding in my paper notebook. 
It was like you're trying to write functionality from your head. And you trying to imagine what problems you'll have and find ways to avoid future issues. And all stored in paper.

So later I'll be able to code without any thinking. Just typing, debug your code and nothing more - like a robot.


But hackathon was completed. The project was not finished. I have some other stuff to do and I start to understand that I was stuck.
I find out that I have a lot of leaks in my knowledge, related to Slack API, Github API, and Botkit framework.
All these things I started to learn one month ago. In order to refresh my memory and make some next steps -
I tried to categorize papers and documents that were created. I build some sort of mindmap on my wall. But it was not easy to start. Still not easy.

I know myself and if I lose my inspiration and fire - things will go very slow.
And I find a way how to do something easy and interesting and contribute to Earwig development.


Long story short:
I'll build 10 bots simultaneously. In order to speed up Earwig development. It's a challenge.
My preliminary estimate is about 2 month. Pretty sure It'll take at least 4-5 months. But it's quite interesting. And crazy.


Most of this functionality(10 sub-projects) I plan to build at least 9 months.  I'm not starting from 0.
This projects was postponed due to its complexity. 

I have no idea how to combine this projects before. But right now this puzzle is done.



I decide to be as lazy as I can. Will spend time only on important functionality. And video games. And beer.

So all bots will be inside my main repository, related to Earwig development. 
Why? Because why I need to spend time on setting up 10 other projects, generate Secret keys, create repositories and push code? Is it so necessary? I think nope.

As I build new bot - another bot project is an awesome place to start fast. It's important for saving time. So to be as lazy as I can - this is my story :)

I use Earwig development plan and create new plans. 
 
Without worries, I write down titles for that 10 projects. if I'll spend 1 week per project - it will take about 10 weeks.
But I know that this new approach will save me a lot of time in future.
I start to write down a short description of each project.
One project = one paper sheet. It's was easy to do, `cause I think about this projects a lot of time.
And I know what data I'll need in order to start.

I use Earwig functionality as a template. And created similar functionality list. Ten of them.
Basically, I copy-paste big part of the Earwig functionality. And when I'll build code for one bot, I'll improve another. Nice plan in my opinion.

This is was my hack. This is how I plan to drive energy back to Earwig development.

If you interested to know more - please comment and clap. I have a lot of text in drafts. But I need time and motivation to convert it into a good article.
Thank you for your time and next cat are waiting for you
