
----------------
how I manage my projects


First time I started to use "task tracker" in 2013. Before that time my team lead used Mantis(bug tracker).
A client sends me bugs/feature requests via emails. Sometimes send us a document with screenshots(and was awesome).
This is why I learn how to manage my work myself. 


in my previous company, we start to use Trello boards. 1 board = 1 project.
Rules, styles, kanban - we don't have them. I just store data that I want.
Then we used redmine. we started with hostedreadmine(because it was free and online) - but they don't have screenshot uploader, 
so we install local version. it works only in office - and was not cool(love to work from different places).
In few months it was crashed and paralyze our work for a few weeks(i have a lot of open tabs in my browser - so I create screenshots and replicate it from scratch)

And we started to use JIRA.
I love JIRA. I saw how elegant experienced project managers can use it, and it's a corporate standard to use its software development.
It's cool - when project manager exists in the team and he has a "straight hands".
But without spending time on preparation work - use such tool like JIRA is obsolete. it's like shoot bird from M16. 
you can use baseball ball instead.
https://giphy.com/gifs/firstandmonday-bird-kills-randy-johnson-lXiRBrXOGFh2pxlM4

I also have time to use Confluence - she is great for inside company documentation. You can talk with client inside - discuss progress, etc.

Before JIRA have not awesome git and google docs integration. it's also not a cheap thing.
And all features, like hipchat integration(alternative to Skype/Slack) - require additional costs.
When our money went off - I started to look at free alternatives.
I made an export from JIRA - but how to use it? what can I do - if I don't use Atlassian products?
Nothing ;) it just takes someplace on my HDD.
I chose Asana because I don't want to continue with Trello. Asana simple, I understand it
But in some time I quit it. I don't know why...

Right now I use Slack and Github every day, and open Asana each time too in a separate tab... I don't want to open a lot of other tabs. I have an addiction to chrome tabs...

I want to create a Slack bot that will help me to manage my GitHub repositories. 
you can read it [here]...

If you will open my projects on GitHub - you'll see that mess. A lot of times I work myself, and this was not a problem.
I understand that tasks and this were OK. Right now is time to change.
So I'm trying to organize my development plans. 

When I decide to build a team with interns - I update readme file, create few future releases of simple tasks.
In order to simplify things. You can read details [here]

If you have a team - please spend time and explain to your team members how to use GitHub, how to use flags, labels, cross-links, ETC.

I'm bound tasks together = I create one main task and assign other sub-tasks to the main task.
We also have milestones and releases. You can also use GitHub pages, but I don't have a habit to use it often.

Like IDE I use Atom. because of good plugins and it was created by Github Team. When I'm lazy to commit via CLI - I use GitHub Desktop.

But a lot of years I use Sublime Text as a code editor.

I'm using Astro, in order to less time open Gmail. Right now my email looks like heaven - beautiful & simple.
Different documents - I'm storing at Google Docs + Dropbox,  but a lot of documents I move into GitHub. because it's conveniently.
I finish being paranoid about my documents. Nobody cares about me, so nobody will steal that information.

Maybe someone in future will create a tool, that will help to save passwords in GitHub. for sure it'll require key generation and add salt to it.

Clap if this was interesting to read for you. Remember you can clap <= 50 claps - this will give me additional inspiration.
